TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT
Effective on August 25, 2025

1. INTRODUCTION
2. ACCOUNT ELIGIBILITY; YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
Before you create an account on Hinge, make sure you are eligible to use our Services. This
Section also details what you can and can't do when using the Services, as well as the rights
you grant Hinge.
2a. ELIGIBILITY
You are not authorized to create an account or use the Services unless all of the following
are true, and by using our Services, you represent and warrant that:
1. You are an individual (i.e., not any body corporate, partnership or other business entity) at
least 18 years old;
2. You are legally qualified to enter a binding contract with Hinge;
3. You are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that
has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting" country;
4. You are not on any list of individuals prohibited from conducting business with the
United States (for example, the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially
Designated Nationals or any similar government agency list) nor do you face any other
similar prohibition);
5. You are not prohibited by law from using our Services;
6. You have not committed, been convicted of, or pled no contest to any crime
involving violence or a threat of violence, or sexual misconduct.
7. You do not have any other accounts on our Services; and
8. You have not previously been removed from our Services or our affiliates’
services by us or our affiliates, unless you have our express written permission to
create a new account.
If at any time you cease to meet these requirements, all authorization to access our Services or
systems is automatically revoked, and you must immediately delete your account, and we
retain the right to remove your access to our Services without warning in our sole discretion.
2B. YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES
You agree to:
1. Comply with these Terms, and check this page from time to time to ensure you are
aware of any changes;
2. Comply with all applicable laws, including without limitation, privacy laws,
intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, and regulatory requirements;
3. Use the latest version of the Website and/or App;
4. Treat other users in a courteous and respectful manner, both on and off our Services;
5. Be respectful when communicating with any of our customer care representatives or
other employees;
6. Review the Safety Dating Advice;
7. Review and comply with the Member Principles, as updated from time to time;
8. Maintain a strong password and take reasonable measures to protect the security of
your login information; and
9. Present yourself respectfully and authentically by adding at least one photo that shows
your face.

2c. PROHIBITED ACTIONS
You agree that you will not:
1. Misrepresent your identity, age, employment (current or previous), qualifications, or
affiliations with a person or entity;
2. Use the Services in a way that damages the Services or prevents their use by other
users;
3. Use our Services in a way to interfere with, disrupt or negatively affect the platform,
the servers, or our Services' networks;
4. Use our Services for any harmful, illegal, or nefarious purpose, including, but not
limited to, using any Virtual Items for purposes of money laundering or other financial
crimes;
5. Harass, bully, stalk, intimidate, assault, defame, harm or otherwise mistreat any person;
6. Post or share Prohibited Content (see below);
7. Solicit passwords for any purpose, or personal identifying information for
commercial or unlawful purposes from other users or disseminate another person's
personal information without his or her permission;
8. Solicit money or other items of value from another user, whether as a gift, loan, or
form of compensation;
9. Use another user's account or share your account with another person;
10. Use our Services in relation to fraud, a pyramid scheme, or other similar practice;
11. Use our Services in relation to any political campaign financing or for the purpose of
influencing any election, other than sharing your own personal political opinions.
12. Violate the terms of the license granted to you by Hinge (see Section 6 below).
13. Disclose private or proprietary information that you do not have the right to disclose;
14. Copy, modify, transmit, distribute, or create any derivative works from, any Member
Content or Our Content, or any copyrighted material, images, trademarks, trade
names, service marks, or other intellectual property, content or proprietary
information accessible through our Services without Hinge's prior written consent;
15. Express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Hinge;
16. Use any robot, crawler, site search/retrieval application, proxy or other manual or
automatic device, method or process to access, retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any
way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of our Services
or its contents;
17. Upload viruses or other malicious code or otherwise compromise the security of our
Services;
18. Forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers to disguise the origin of any
information transmitted to or through our Services;
19. "Frame" or "mirror" any part of our Services without Hinge's prior written authorization;
20. Use meta tags or code or other devices containing any reference to Hinge or the platform
(or any trademark, trade name, service mark, logo or slogan of Hinge) to direct any
person to any other website for any purpose;
21. Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, decompile or
otherwise disassemble any portion of our Services, or cause others to do so;
22. Use or develop any third-party applications or services that directly interact with our
Services or Member Content or information without our written consent, including but
not limited to artificial intelligence or machine learning systems;
23. Use, access, or publish the Hinge application programming interface without our
written consent;
24. Probe, scan or test the vulnerability of our Services or any system or network;
25. Encourage, promote, or agree to engage in any activity that violates these Terms;
26. Create a new account after we suspend or terminate your account, unless you receive
our express permission; or
27. Submit a report about a member’s behavior or content that is false, misleading, or
otherwise manifestly unfounded, or abuse any Hinge reporting or appeals request
system made available.
The license granted to you under these Terms and any authorization to access the Services is
automatically revoked in the event that you do any of the above.
2d. PROHIBITED CONTENT
Prohibited Content - Hinge prohibits uploading or sharing content that:
1. Could reasonably be deemed to be offensive or to harass, upset, embarrass, alarm or
annoy any other person;
2. Is obscene, pornographic, violent or otherwise may offend human dignity, or
contains nudity;
3. Is abusive, insulting or threatening, discriminatory or that promotes or encourages
racism, sexism, hatred or bigotry;
4. Is illegal or encourages or facilitates any illegal activity including, without limitation,
terrorism, human trafficking, money muling, child abuse and exploitation, or the
incitement of violence or hatred;
5. Encourages or facilitates any activity that may result in harm to the user or another
person, including, but not limited to, promotion of self-harm, eating disorders, dangerous
challenges, violent extremism, or harmful misinformation;
6. Is defamatory, libelous, or untrue;
7. Relates to commercial activities (including, without limitation, sales,
competitions, employment or investment opportunities, promotions, and
advertising, solicitation for services, "sugar daddy" or "sugar baby"
relationships, links to other websites or premium line telephone numbers);
8. Involves the transmission of "junk" mail or "spam";
9. Contains any spyware, adware, viruses, corrupt files, worm programs or other
malicious code designed to interrupt, damage or limit the functionality of or disrupt
any software, hardware, telecommunications, networks, servers or other equipment,
Trojan horse or any other material designed to damage, interfere with, wrongly
intercept or expropriate any data or personal information whether from Hinge or
otherwise;
10. Infringes upon any third party's rights (including, without limitation, intellectual
property rights and privacy rights);
11. Was not written by you or was automatically generated, unless expressly
authorized by Hinge;
12. Includes the image or likeness of another person without that person's consent (or in
the case of a minor, the minor's parent or guardian), or is an image or likeness of a
minor unaccompanied by the minor's parent or guardian;
13. Is inconsistent with the intended use of the Services; or
14. May harm the reputation of Hinge or its affiliates, meaning the uploading or
sharing of content on the Hinge platform that is defamatory to Hinge or its
affiliates or advocates misuse of the Service or any service provided by Hinge's
affiliates.
The uploading or sharing of content that violates these Terms ("Prohibited Content") may result
in the immediate suspension or termination of your account.
3. CONTENT
It is important that you understand your rights and responsibilities with regard to the content
on our Services, including any content you provide or post. You are expressly prohibited from
posting inappropriate content.
While using our Services, you will have access to: (i) content that you upload or provide while
using our Services, even if suggested by our Services ("Your Content"); (ii) content that other
users upload or provide while using our Services ("Member Content"); and (iii) content that
Hinge provides on and through our Services ("Our Content"). In this agreement, "content"
includes, without limitation, all text, images, video, audio, or other material on our Services,
including information on users' profiles and in direct messages between users.
3a. YOUR CONTENT
You are responsible for Your Content. Don't share anything that you wouldn't want others to
see, that would violate this Agreement, or that may expose you or us to legal liability.
You are solely responsible and liable for Your Content, and, therefore, you agree to indemnify,
defend, release, and hold us harmless from any claims made in connection with Your Content.
You represent and warrant to us that the information you provide to us or any other user is
accurate, including any information submitted through third-party sources (if applicable),
and that you will update your account information as necessary to ensure its accuracy.
The content included on your individual profile should be relevant to the intended use of our
Services. You may not upload any Prohibited Content, and your content must further comply
with the Member Principles. You may not display any personal contact, banking or
peer-to-peer payment information, whether in relation to you or any other person (for
example, names, home addresses or postcodes, telephone numbers, email addresses, URLs,
credit/debit card, peer-to-peer payment user name, or other banking details). If you choose to
reveal any personal information about yourself to other users, you do so at your own risk.
We strongly encourage you to use caution in disclosing any personal information online.
Your individual profile will be visible to other people around the world, so be sure that you
are comfortable sharing Your Content before you post. You acknowledge and agree that Your
Content may be viewed by other users, and, notwithstanding these Terms, other users may
share Your Content with third parties. By uploading Your Content, you represent and warrant
to us that you have all necessary rights and licenses to do so and automatically grant us a
license to use Your Content as provided under Section 7 below.
We may provide tools and features to enhance individual expression through Your Content and
Member Content (described in Section 3b), and we’re constantly developing new technologies to
improve our Services. Certain tools or features may allow you to generate or enhance content
based on Your Content. This is still Your Content, and you are responsible for it and its accuracy,
as well as your use of it on our Services and any and all decisions made, actions taken, and
failures to take action based on Your Content. Be careful in choosing and sharing Your Content.
You understand and agree that we may analyze, access, store, and use Your Content, including
messages and other communications, to monitor, develop, personalize, and improve our
Services, including through the use of machine learning and other automated technologies, in
accordance with applicable law.
You understand and agree that we may monitor or review Your Content, and we have the right to
remove, delete, edit, limit, or block or prevent access to any of Your Content at any time at our
sole discretion. If Your Content is prohibited under the laws of any jurisdiction where our
Services are available, we may remove it even if it is not illegal in your location. Furthermore,
you understand and agree that we have no obligation to display or review Your Content.
3b. MEMBER CONTENT
While you will have access to Member Content, it is not yours and you may not copy or
use Member Content for any purpose except as contemplated by these Terms.
Other users will also share content on our Services. Member Content belongs to the user who
posted the content and is stored on our servers and displayed at the direction of that user.
You should always carefully review and independently verify Member Content for accuracy.
Other users may use tools to generate or enhance content based on the Member Content they
provide. Member Content may include biased, incorrect, harmful, offensive, or misleading
information. Other users are responsible for their Member Content, as well as any and all
decisions made, actions taken, and failures to take action based on their use of Member Content.
You do not have any rights in relation to Member Content, and, unless expressly authorized by
Hinge, you may only use Member Content to the extent that your use is consistent with our
Services' purpose of allowing you to communicate with and meet one another. You may not
copy the Member Content or use Member Content for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass,
or to make unlawful threats. We reserve the right to terminate your account if you misuse
Member Content.
3c. OUR CONTENT
Hinge owns all other content on our Services.
Any other text, content, graphics, user interfaces, trademarks, logos, sounds, artwork, images,
and other intellectual property appearing on our Services is owned, controlled or licensed by us
and protected by copyright, trademark and other intellectual property law rights. All rights, title,
and interest in and to Our Content remains with us at all times.
We grant you a limited license to access and use Our Content as provided under Section 6 below,
and we reserve all other rights.
4. INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT AND MISCONDUCT; REPORTING
Hinge does not tolerate inappropriate content or behavior on our Services.
We are committed to maintaining a positive and respectful Hinge community, and we do not
tolerate any inappropriate content or misconduct, whether on or off of the Services (including,
but not limited to, on services operated by our affiliates). We encourage you to report any
inappropriate Member Content or misconduct by other users. You can report a user directly by
tapping the three dots in the top right of any profile and selecting “Report”. You may also
submit a report by clicking here.
As set forth in our Privacy Policy, we may share data between our affiliates for the safety and
security of our users and may take necessary actions if we believe you have violated these
Terms, including banning you from our Services and/or our affiliates’ services (such as Tinder,
OkCupid, Match, Meetic, BLK, LoveScout24, OurTime, and Pairs; for more details, click
here), and/or preventing you from creating new accounts. You understand and agree that we
may not share information with you regarding your account, including the reason for your
account ban, if doing so would potentially impair the safety or privacy of our other users.
Member Content is subject to the terms and conditions of Sections 512(c) and/or 512(d) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act 1998. To submit a complaint regarding Member Content that
may constitute intellectual property infringement, see Section 12 (Digital Millennium Copyright
Act) below.
We use a combination of automated tools and human reviewers to enforce our content rules.
This includes technology that proactively detects and removes certain types of prohibited
material. We also encourage users to report any inappropriate content they encounter. Our
systems and processes are generally designed to prioritize the detection and removal of the most
serious and harmful violations (e.g., child sexual exploitation material or terrorist content), even
if instances of such content are rare. For additional information on how we moderate content,
please see our Safety page.
Violations may result in consequences ranging from a warning for a less serious infraction to
banning the account for more serious or repeated violations. For example, manifestly illegal and
harmful content such as terrorist content or child sexual exploitation material will result in a
ban. If you believe Your Content was removed in error, you may submit an appeal. More
information is available here.
Manifestly unfounded reports may result in enforcement actions against the reporter. In
assessing misuse, we consider factors such as evidence that a report was motivated by bias or
hatred (e.g., based on protected characteristics such as race, sexual orientation, or gender
identity) or other malicious intent. Repeated submission of manifestly unfounded reports will
result in a ban.
5. PRIVACY
Privacy is important to us. We have a separate policy about it that you agree to read.
For information about how Hinge and its affiliates collect, use, and share your personal data,
please read our Privacy Policy. By using our Services, you agree that we may use your personal
data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

9. ACCOUNT TERMINATION
If you no longer wish to use our Services, or if we terminate your account for any reason,
here's what you need to know.
You can delete your account at any time by logging into the App, going to the “Profile” tab, and
selecting “Settings” (the gear icon), and following the instructions to terminate your
membership. However, you will need to cancel / manage any External Service Purchases
through your External Service Account (e.g., Apple App Store, Google Play Store) to
avoid additional billing.
Hinge also reserves the right to review and, if appropriate, suspend, terminate, or ban your
account without a refund if Hinge believes that you have violated these Terms, misused our
Services, or behaved in a way that Hinge regards as inappropriate or unlawful, on or off our
Services, in our sole discretion. We reserve the right to make use of any personal,
technological, legal, or other means available to enforce the Terms, at any time without liability
and without the obligation to give you prior notice, including, but not limited to, preventing
you from accessing the Services.
You understand and agree that Hinge may not share information with you regarding your
account termination if doing so would potentially impair the safety or privacy of other users.
If your account is terminated by you or by Hinge for any reason, these Terms continue and
remain enforceable between you and Hinge, and you will not be entitled to any refund for
purchases made. Your information will be maintained, shared, and deleted in accordance
with our Privacy Policy.
10. NO CRIMINAL BACKGROUND OR IDENTITY VERIFICATION CHECKS
Hinge does not conduct criminal background or identity verification checks on its users.
Though Hinge strives to encourage a respectful user experience, it is not responsible for the
conduct of any user on or off the Service. Use your best judgment when interacting with
others and review our Safety Dating Advice.
YOU UNDERSTAND THAT HINGE DOES NOT CONDUCT CRIMINAL
BACKGROUND OR IDENTITY VERIFICATION CHECKS ON ITS USERS OR
OTHERWISE INQUIRE INTO THE BACKGROUND OF ITS USERS. HINGE MAKES
NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO THE CONDUCT, IDENTITY,
HEALTH, PHYSICAL CONDITION, INTENTIONS, LEGITIMACY, OR VERACITY OF
USERS. HINGE RESERVES THE RIGHT TO CONDUCT - AND YOU AUTHORIZE
HINGE TO CONDUCT - ANY CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CHECK OR OTHER
SCREENINGS (SUCH AS SEX OFFENDER REGISTER SEARCHES) AT ANY TIME
USING AVAILABLE PUBLIC RECORDS, AND YOU AGREE THAT ANY
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE MAY BE USED FOR THAT PURPOSE. IF THE
COMPANY DECIDES TO CONDUCT ANY SCREENING THROUGH A CONSUMER
REPORTING AGENCY, YOU HEREBY AUTHORIZE THE COMPANY TO OBTAIN AND
USE A CONSUMER REPORT ABOUT YOU TO DETERMINE YOUR ELIGIBILITY
UNDER THESE TERMS.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER
USERS. SEX OFFENDER SCREENINGS AND OTHER TOOLS DO NOT GUARANTEE
YOUR SAFETY AND ARE NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR FOLLOWING THE SAFETY
DATING ADVICE AND OTHER SENSIBLE SAFETY PRECAUTIONS. ALWAYS USE
YOUR BEST JUDGMENT AND TAKE APPROPRIATE SAFETY PRECAUTIONS WHEN
COMMUNICATING WITH OR MEETING NEW PEOPLE. COMMUNICATIONS
RECEIVED THROUGH THE SERVICE, INCLUDING AUTOMATIC NOTIFICATIONS
SENT BY HINGE, MAY RESULT FROM USERS ENGAGING WITH THE SERVICE FOR
IMPROPER PURPOSES, INCLUDING FRAUD, ABUSE, HARASSMENT, OR OTHER
SUCH IMPROPER BEHAVIOR.
Though Hinge strives to encourage a respectful user experience, it is not responsible for the
conduct of any user on or off the Service. You agree to use caution in all interactions with other
users, particularly if you decide to communicate off the Service or meet in person.